gf: allow method shadowing with exact signatures without deletion (#53415)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/devdocs/types.md

considered more specific. However, `morespecific` does get a bonus for length: in particular,
`Tuple{Int,Int}` is more specific than `Tuple{Int,Vararg{Int}}`.

Additionally, if 2 methods are defined with identical signatures, per type-equal, then they

> will instead by compared by order of addition, such that the later method is morespecific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will instead by compared by order of addition, such that the later method is more specific
```
